In this mini-project, we're going to take a look at a fun problem that
tries to mimic in some ways the sort of issue you may encounter in a real life scenario.
In particular, once you've created a model and it's deployed and being used,
what happens if the underlying data distribution changes,
so that your model no longer performs,
as well as it once did?
In this notebook, you'll go through the process of examining some new data,
trying to figure out why your model no longer behaves,
as well as it once did and then updating that model to take into account the new data.
If you get stuck, don't worry,
solutions are provided and in the next few videos,
we'll go over my solutions.